README.md, before:

[![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/snell-evan-itt/Kidde-HomeSafe?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/snell-evan-itt/Kidde-HomeSafe/releases)
[![GitHub Downloads (all assets, all releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/snell-evan-itt/Kidde-HomeSafe/total?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/snell-evan-itt/Kidde-HomeSafe/releases/latest)
[![HACS Default](https://img.shields.io/badge/HACS-default-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://hacs.xyz)
[![Community forum discussion](https://img.shields.io/badge/COMMUNITY-FORUM-success?style=for-the-badge&color=yellow)](https://community.home-assistant.io/)

# Kidde HomeSafe Integration
Integration to add Kidde HomeSafe Devices into Home Assistant

>[!IMPORTANT]
>Originally developed for personal use without a goal to cover all available devices or attributes

Devices supported include
- Smoke + Carbon Monoxide Alarm with Indoor Air Quality Monitor (**P4010ACSCOAQ-WF**)
  - **Verified**
- Smoke Alarm with Indoor Air Quality Monitor (**P4010ACSAQ-WF**)
  - **Verified**
- Smoke + Carbon Monoxide Alarm with smart features (**P4010ACSCO-WF**)
- Smoke Alarm with smart features (**P4010ACS-WF**)
  - **Verified**
- Water Leak + Freeze Detector (**60WLDR-W**)
  - **Verified**
- Carbon Monoxide Alarm with Indoor Air Quality Monitor (**KN-COP-DP-10YL-AQ-WF**)
  - **Verified**

## HACS Installation

[![Open your Home Assistant instance and open a repository inside the Home Assistant Community Store.](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/hacs_repository.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/hacs_repository/?category=integration&repository=Kidde-HomeSafe&owner=snell-evan-itt)

- Click above to install as a custom repository via HACS
- Restart Home Assistant
- Once restart is done, use Add Integration -> Kidde-HomeSafe.


>[!CAUTION]
>You may get a notification from the Kidde app once you complete setup Allow it or it will break updates to Home Assistant# Kidde-HomeSafe

Commit message:

Update README with Kidde DETECT™ Series details
Added information about Kidde DETECT™ Series Alarms.

Signed-off-by: skircr115 <skircr115@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

[![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/snell-evan-itt/Kidde-HomeSafe?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/snell-evan-itt/Kidde-HomeSafe/releases)
[![GitHub Downloads (all assets, all releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/snell-evan-itt/Kidde-HomeSafe/total?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/snell-evan-itt/Kidde-HomeSafe/releases/latest)
[![HACS Default](https://img.shields.io/badge/HACS-default-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://hacs.xyz)
[![Community forum discussion](https://img.shields.io/badge/COMMUNITY-FORUM-success?style=for-the-badge&color=yellow)](https://community.home-assistant.io/)

# Kidde HomeSafe Integration
Integration to add Kidde HomeSafe Devices into Home Assistant

>[!IMPORTANT]
>Originally developed for personal use without a goal to cover all available devices or attributes

Devices supported include
- Smoke + Carbon Monoxide Alarm with Indoor Air Quality Monitor (**P4010ACSCOAQ-WF**)
  - **Verified**
- Smoke Alarm with Indoor Air Quality Monitor (**P4010ACSAQ-WF**)
  - **Verified**
- Smoke + Carbon Monoxide Alarm with smart features (**P4010ACSCO-WF**)
- Smoke Alarm with smart features (**P4010ACS-WF**)
  - **Verified**
- Water Leak + Freeze Detector (**60WLDR-W**)
  - **Verified**
- Carbon Monoxide Alarm with Indoor Air Quality Monitor (**KN-COP-DP-10YL-AQ-WF**)
  - **Verified**
- Kidde DETECT™ Series Alarms (**30CUAR-W, 20SAR-W**)
    - *Includes Smoke and Smoke/CO Alarms with smart features*

## HACS Installation

[![Open your Home Assistant instance and open a repository inside the Home Assistant Community Store.](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/hacs_repository.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/hacs_repository/?category=integration&repository=Kidde-HomeSafe&owner=snell-evan-itt)

- Click above to install as a custom repository via HACS
- Restart Home Assistant
- Once restart is done, use Add Integration -> Kidde-HomeSafe.


>[!CAUTION]
>You may get a notification from the Kidde app once you complete setup Allow it or it will break updates to Home Assistant# Kidde-HomeSafe
